DOC-2948-supported internal redirect for 4 RESTPP APIs (#856)
tigergraph/server-docs: modules/API/pages/built-in-endpoints.adoc

This endpoint reports statistics of running queries of a graph: the query's request ID, start time, expiration time, and the REST endpoint's URL.
This includes installed queries. interpreted queries, as well as built-in queries.

> In 4.2.1, this endpoint provides a complete view of all running queries on all nodes for the specified graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of 4.2.1, this endpoint reports on the activity on all server nodes in a distributed cluster, not just for the node being addressed.
```

--
[source.wrap,bash]
----

> curl -X GET "http://localhost:14240/restpp/showprocesslist/poc_graph"

Reviewer: BTW, do you know what `jq` is?
jq is a utility program that takes JSON input and then outputs the same JSON formatted nicely - with line breaks and indentation, so that it is easy for humans to read.

TigerGraph's outputs JSON on a single line, with no linebreaks or extra spaces.  Some users like to postprocess the output with jq so that they can read the output more easily.

====
==== Parameters:

|===
| Name | Required | Description

| `graph_name`
| Yes
| The name of the graph whose running queries to list.

|`disallow_redirect`
|No
|Optional flag (`true` or `false`, default `false`).
If set to `true`, the response will only include the status of queries on the current node.
|===

=== List all running queries
`GET /restpp/showprocesslistall`

This endpoint reports the statistics of all running queries across all graphs on a TigerGraph instance: the query's request ID, start time, expiration time, and the REST endpoint's URL.
This includes installed queries. interpreted queries, as well as built-in queries.

> In 4.2.1, this endpoint provides a complete view of all running queries on all nodes in the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of 4.2.1, this endpoint reports on the activity on all server nodes in a distributed cluster, not just for the node being addressed.
```

This endpoint allows you to check the status of a query run in xref:{page-component-version}@gsql-ref:querying:query-operations.adoc#_detached_mode_async_option[detached mode].

> In 4.2.1, you can send the request to any live RESTPP node, and it will return the complete status from across the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of 4.2.1, this endpoint reports on the query's status on all server nodes in a distributed cluster, not just for the node being addressed.
```

`GET /restpp/query_result`

> This endpoint allows you to check the results of queries run in Detached Mode if they have finished running. 

Reviewer: 1. Use similar wording as in the other modified endpoints.
2. Why did you cut out the sentences "If the query is still running..."?
